---
title: What Now?
date: 2023-02-14 14:37:00 Z
categories:
- thoughts
---

Wow, first off I'd like to point out that I haven't posted here in a while now.
I'm also running on a new domain that's actually sensible hahaha.

To get you up to speed with what's going on with my life, I'd like to first and foremost tell you that I got promoted last year, Which means I'm a Software Engineer now but by name only.

I now have a brand new PC and it's been a blast to use.

The Wash is also back. For those not in the know, it's the site I made way back 2020
that allows you to watch anime without ads by scraping anime pirating sites. It's what got me my job and it's also one of those depression projects that's supposed to pull you back from a long and crazy burnout. You can find it here ([CLICK ME](https://wash.elijahstuff.wtf/search))

I also got rejected by my workmate crush last year, not really good news but it's also worth letting you know (whoever reads this anyway).

I've been dealing with existential dread lately, partly due to the fact that I finally got my dream job and my dream PC build that I've been saving up for the past couple of month. It's one of those `Now what?` thoughts that makes you question your goals and ambitions. It's quite depressing and it's giving me a lot dread from thinking why my dreams in life are shallow and petty, Maybe because I'm used to all the failures and disappointments that I'm starting to settle in on this mundane life.

mundanity; Quite a drug for those who don't dream anymore.

I still have 7 years left to see what this life has to offer before my family's history with congenital heart disease and alzheimers starts to kick in.

Speaking of heriditary diseases, Sometimes when I sleep my heart feels like it's falling off, All of my cousins have it and fortunately for them they've already found their purpose and they now live a contented life, Unfortunately for me, I'm still lost and my life is starting to show its cracks.

Nothing gained, Nothing ventured.

Foreward... Shadow Warrior!

P.S: aservantsjourneytosuccess is back!